= capybara_email

Many thanks go to Ben Mabey, Aaron Gibralter and Mischa Fierer, who made the email_spec gem, which I used as a source of inspiration.


Add this to your features/support/evn.rb file:

  # Make sure this require is after you require cucumber/rails/world.
  ActionMailer::Base.delivery_method = :cache
  require 'capybara_email/cucumber'


== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.


== Steps you can use in Cucumber

  Given /^(?:a clear email queue|no emails have been sent)$/ do
    reset_mailer
  end

  # Check how many emails have been sent/received

  Then /^I should receive (an|no|\d+) emails?$/ do |amount|
    inbox.size.should == to_nr(amount)
  end

  # Act !

  When /^I follow "([^"]*?)" in the email(?: (with subject|to|from) "([^\"]*)")?$/ do |text, select, value|
    visit(open_email(select, value).url_to(value))
  end

  # Inspect the Email Contents

  When /^I should see "([^"]*?)" in the email(?: (with subject|to|from) "([^\"]*)")?$/ do |text, select, value|
    open_email(select, value).message_body.to_s.should include(text)
  end

  Then /^I should see "([^"]*?)" in the email subject$/ do |text|
    open_email_with_subject(value).size.should == 1
  end


== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 jarra. See LICENSE for details.
